JULIAN CASTRO ARE TRADING JOBS AT EACH OTHER AND KEERSYRSTEN GI
AT EACH OTHER AND KEERSYRSTEN GI GILLIBRAND.
GILLIBRAND. >> AND TRUMP REPORTEDLY TELLING
>> AND TRUMP REPORTEDLY TELLING DONORS THAT DEMOCRATS HATE
DONORS THAT DEMOCRATS HATE JEWISH PEOPLE AND THEIR BROAD
JEWISH PEOPLE AND THEIR BROAD REPRESENTATION IN THE DEMOCRATIC
REPRESENTATION IN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY COMPARED TO REPUBLICANS.
PARTY COMPARED TO REPUBLICANS. THREE SOURCES WHO WERE THERE BUT
THREE SOURCES WHO WERE THERE BUT WERE PREVENTED BY SECURITY FROM
WERE PREVENTED BY SECURITY FROM RECORDING THE EVENT TELL AXIOS
RECORDING THE EVENT TELL AXIOS THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP MADE THE
THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP MADE THE COMMENTS WHILE REFERRING TO THE
COMMENTS WHILE REFERRING TO THE RECENT ANTI-SEMITISM
RECENT ANTI-SEMITISM CONTROVERSIES WITH DEMOCRATIC
CONTROVERSIES WITH DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSWOMAN ILHAN OMAR.
CONGRESSWOMAN ILHAN OMAR. TRUMP SAID HE DIDN’T UNDERSTAND
TRUMP SAID HE DIDN’T UNDERSTAND HOW ANY JEW COULD VOTE FOR A
HOW ANY JEW COULD VOTE FOR A CHAT THESE DAYS.
CHAT THESE DAYS. HE TALKED ABOUT HOW MUCH HE’D
HE TALKED ABOUT HOW MUCH HE’D DONE FOR ISRAEL, AND TRUMP SAID
DONE FOR ISRAEL, AND TRUMP SAID IF HE COULD RUN TO BE PRIME
IF HE COULD RUN TO BE PRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL, HE’D BE AT
MINISTER OF ISRAEL, HE’D BE AT 98% IN THE POLLS.
98% IN THE POLLS. A CAMPAIGN SPOKESMAN DID NOT
A CAMPAIGN SPOKESMAN DID NOT DISPUTE THE COMMENTS AS
DISPUTE THE COMMENTS AS REPORTED.
REPORTED. THIS FOLLOWED THE PRESIDENT’S
THIS FOLLOWED THE PRESIDENT’S ATTEMPT TO BRAND ALL DEMOCRATS
ATTEMPT TO BRAND ALL DEMOCRATS AS BEING AGAINST JEWISH PEOPLE
AS BEING AGAINST JEWISH PEOPLE DUE TO THE CONTROVERSY AROUND
DUE TO THE CONTROVERSY AROUND THE MINNESOTA FRESHMAN
THE MINNESOTA FRESHMAN CONGRESSWOMAN.
CONGRESSWOMAN. >> THE DEMOCRATS HAVE BECOME AN
>> THE DEMOCRATS HAVE BECOME AN ANTI-ISRAEL PARTY, THEY’VE
ANTI-ISRAEL PARTY, THEY’VE BECOME AN ANTY JEWISH PARTY AND
BECOME AN ANTY JEWISH PARTY AND THAT’S TOO BAD.
THAT’S TOO BAD. >> HOWEVER, JEWISH VOTERS HAVE
>> HOWEVER, JEWISH VOTERS HAVE SWUNG EVEN MORE TO THE
SWUNG EVEN MORE TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY IN RECENT
DEMOCRATIC PARTY IN RECENT ELECTIONS.
ELECTIONS. EXIT POLLS IN THE TRUMP ERA
EXIT POLLS IN THE TRUMP ERA SHOWED THAT JEWISH VOTERS
SHOWED THAT JEWISH VOTERS FAVORED HILLARY CLINTON OVER
FAVORED HILLARY CLINTON OVER DONALD TRUMP 71% TO 24%, THE
DONALD TRUMP 71% TO 24%, THE DEMOCRATS DOWNEVEN
DEMOCRATS DOWNEVEN DEMOCRATS DID EVEN BETTER IN
DEMOCRATS DID EVEN BETTER IN 2018.
2018. WHILE MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WHO
WHILE MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WHO ARE JEWISH ARE OVERWHELMINGLY ON
ARE JEWISH ARE OVERWHELMINGLY ON THE DEMOCRATIC SIDE OF THE
THE DEMOCRATIC SIDE OF THE AISLE.
AISLE. HERE’S WHERE WE ARE, JOE.
HERE’S WHERE WE ARE, JOE. >> HERE’S WHERE WE ARE.
>> HERE’S WHERE WE ARE. AND THE QUESTION IS, JAKE
AND THE QUESTION IS, JAKE SHERMAN, IS THAT WHAT WE’RE
SHERMAN, IS THAT WHAT WE’RE GOING TO SEE OVER THE NEXT YEAR
GOING TO SEE OVER THE NEXT YEAR OR SO IF DONALD TRUMP DOES IN
OR SO IF DONALD TRUMP DOES IN FACT RUN FOR REELECTION?
FACT RUN FOR REELECTION? IS THIS A PREVIEW?
IS THIS A PREVIEW? IS HE GOING TO CONTINUE TO PAINT
IS HE GOING TO CONTINUE TO PAINT DEMOCRATS AS THE ANTI-JEWISH
DEMOCRATS AS THE ANTI-JEWISH PARTY, DESPITE HIS OWN CHECKERED
PARTY, DESPITE HIS OWN CHECKERED PAST?
PAST? >> YEAH, FOR SURE.
>> YEAH, FOR SURE. THE ILHAN OMAR CONTROVERSY IN
THE ILHAN OMAR CONTROVERSY IN WHICH SHE HAS MADE COMMENTS THAT
WHICH SHE HAS MADE COMMENTS THAT HAVE BEEN INTERPRETED AS
HAVE BEEN INTERPRETED AS ANTI-SEMITIC AND SHE HAS
ANTI-SEMITIC AND SHE HAS APOLOGIZED FOR ONE AND DEMOCRATS
APOLOGIZED FOR ONE AND DEMOCRATS TOOK ACTION TO REBUKE HER
TOOK ACTION TO REBUKE HER LIGHTLY IN A WAY THAT
LIGHTLY IN A WAY THAT REPUBLICANS THOUGHT WAS A BIT
REPUBLICANS THOUGHT WAS A BIT TOO LIGHT FOR THEIR LIKING, THEY
TOO LIGHT FOR THEIR LIKING, THEY ARE TRYING TO MAKE THE ENTIRE
ARE TRYING TO MAKE THE ENTIRE DEMOCRATIC PARTY -- IT’S ONE OF
DEMOCRATIC PARTY -- IT’S ONE OF THESE MOMENTS WHERE REPUBLICANS
THESE MOMENTS WHERE REPUBLICANS BEHIND THE SCENES HAVE BEEN
BEHIND THE SCENES HAVE BEEN SAYING FOR MANY YEARS THAT THE
SAYING FOR MANY YEARS THAT THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY WAS DRIFTING
DEMOCRATIC PARTY WAS DRIFTING AWAY FROM ITS PREVIOUS STAUNCH
AWAY FROM ITS PREVIOUS STAUNCH SUPPORT OF ISRAEL AND THINGS OF
SUPPORT OF ISRAEL AND THINGS OF THAT NATURE AND REPUBLICANS ARE
THAT NATURE AND REPUBLICANS ARE SAYING IT’S FINALLY COMING HOME
SAYING IT’S FINALLY COMING HOME TO ROOST.
TO ROOST. IT’S A CONVENIENT PUNCHING BAG
IT’S A CONVENIENT PUNCHING BAG FOR THE PRESIDENT QUITE
FOR THE PRESIDENT QUITE OBVIOUSLY.
OBVIOUSLY. HE IS MAKING ONE OF THE FIRST
HE IS MAKING ONE OF THE FIRST MUSLIM FEMALES IN CONGRESS, HE’S
MUSLIM FEMALES IN CONGRESS, HE’S PUTTING HER UP ON A PEDESTAL IN
PUTTING HER UP ON A PEDESTAL IN A SENSE AND THEN KNOCKING HER
A SENSE AND THEN KNOCKING HER DOWN AND SAYING SHE’S EMBLEMATIC
DOWN AND SAYING SHE’S EMBLEMATIC OF ALL DEMOCRATS.
OF ALL DEMOCRATS. "THE NEW YORK TIMES" HAS A
"THE NEW YORK TIMES" HAS A FASCINATING STORY OF NET KNELTBE
FASCINATING STORY OF NET KNELTBE NETANYAHU USING TRUMP AS THE
NETANYAHU USING TRUMP AS THE MAIN CENTERPIECE IN HIS CAMPAIGN
MAIN CENTERPIECE IN HIS CAMPAIGN IN ISRAEL AND WILL GET A FRES
IN ISRAEL AND WILL GET A FRES TEST H
TEST H TEST AND I THINK WE’LL PERHAPS
TEST AND I THINK WE’LL PERHAPS GET AN INDIRECT TEST OF WHAT
GET AN INDIRECT TEST OF WHAT DONALD TRUMP SAID, WHICH IS HE
DONALD TRUMP SAID, WHICH IS HE WOULD BE AT 98% IN POLLS IN
WOULD BE AT 98% IN POLLS IN ISRAEL WERE HE TO RUN FOR PRIME
ISRAEL WERE HE TO RUN FOR PRIME MINISTER.
MINISTER. >> AGAIN, WE’VE SAID THIS BEFORE
>> AGAIN, WE’VE SAID THIS BEFORE BUT NICK CONFESSORE, YOU
BUT NICK CONFESSORE, YOU ACTUALLY LOOK AT THE RECORD AND,
ACTUALLY LOOK AT THE RECORD AND, AGAIN, IT’S PRETTY REMARKABLE
AGAIN, IT’S PRETTY REMARKABLE THAT DONALD TRUMP, THE DONALD
THAT DONALD TRUMP, THE DONALD TRUMP OF SHARRCHARLOTTESVILLE, W
TRUMP OF SHARRCHARLOTTESVILLE, W PUT A STAR OF DAVID OVER HILLARY
PUT A STAR OF DAVID OVER HILLARY CLINTON’S FACE TALKING ABOUT HOW
CLINTON’S FACE TALKING ABOUT HOW JEWISH MONEY WAS GOING TO BUY
JEWISH MONEY WAS GOING TO BUY THE PRESIDENCY, THE TRUMP
THE PRESIDENCY, THE TRUMP REPUBLICAN PARTY OF KEVIN
REPUBLICAN PARTY OF KEVIN McCARTHY, KEVIN McCARTHY OF
McCARTHY, KEVIN McCARTHY OF COURSE PUTTING A TWEET OUT
COURSE PUTTING A TWEET OUT BEFORE THE ELECTION IN 2018
BEFORE THE ELECTION IN 2018 BASICALLY SAYING THAT IT’S THE
BASICALLY SAYING THAT IT’S THE JEWS
JEWS JEWS JEW MONEY THAT’S GOING TO
JEWS JEW MONEY THAT’S GOING TO TAKE OVER AND WE CANNOT ALLOW
TAKE OVER AND WE CANNOT ALLOW THEM TO BUY THE ELECTION.
THEM TO BUY THE ELECTION. AND JIM JORDAN, I COULD GO ON
AND JIM JORDAN, I COULD GO ON ALL DAY.
ALL DAY. JIM JORDAN TALKING ABOUT TOM
JIM JORDAN TALKING ABOUT TOM STEYER JUST LAST WEEK AND HE’S
STEYER JUST LAST WEEK AND HE’S NEVER DONE THERE WITH A GENTILE
NEVER DONE THERE WITH A GENTILE BUT HE REPLACES THE "S" IN
BUT HE REPLACES THE "S" IN STEYER WITH A DOLLAR SIGN.
STEYER WITH A DOLLAR SIGN. IF WE WANT TO ADD UP
IF WE WANT TO ADD UP ANTI-SEMITIC TROPES, NICK,
ANTI-SEMITIC TROPES, NICK, REPUBLICANS ARE GOING TO WIN
REPUBLICANS ARE GOING TO WIN THIS ONE BY A LANDSLIDE.
THIS ONE BY A LANDSLIDE. >> CAN YOU GO FURTHER BACK TO
>> CAN YOU GO FURTHER BACK TO THE 2016 CAMPAIGN WHEN DAVID
THE 2016 CAMPAIGN WHEN DAVID DUKE SUPPORTED PRESIDENT TRUMP
DUKE SUPPORTED PRESIDENT TRUMP AND PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS ASKED
AND PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS ASKED ABOUT IT AND REPUBLIC FUSEDFUSED
ABOUT IT AND REPUBLIC FUSEDFUSED HIMSELF FROM DAVID DUKE.
HIMSELF FROM DAVID DUKE. IF THERE IS A ANTI-JEWISH
IF THERE IS A ANTI-JEWISH SENTIMENT, IT IS ON THE RIGHT.
SENTIMENT, IT IS ON THE RIGHT. BUT NOT ONLY ON THE RIGHT.
BUT NOT ONLY ON THE RIGHT. IF YOU TALK TO ACTUAL NEONAZISS,
IF YOU TALK TO ACTUAL NEONAZISS, THE THING YOU HEAR FROM THEM
THE THING YOU HEAR FROM THEM OVER AND OVER AGAIN IS TRUM THE
OVER AND OVER AGAIN IS TRUM THE IS MAKING THE IDEAS OF THE FAR
IS MAKING THE IDEAS OF THE FAR RIGHT AND NEONAZIS MORE POWERFUL
RIGHT AND NEONAZIS MORE POWERFUL IN THE MAINSTREAM AND THEY SEE
IN THE MAINSTREAM AND THEY SEE HIM AS THEIR GUY IN THE
HIM AS THEIR GUY IN THE MAINSTREAM AMERICAN POLLITICSPOL
MAINSTREAM AMERICAN POLLITICSPOL THERE IS PLENTY OF ANTI-SEMITISM
THERE IS PLENTY OF ANTI-SEMITISM IN THE WORLD AND OMAR HAS BEEN
IN THE WORLD AND OMAR HAS BEEN DINGED FOR HER COMMENTS BUT IT’S
DINGED FOR HER COMMENTS BUT IT’S RIDICULOUS TO SAY THE DEMOCRATS
RIDICULOUS TO SAY THE DEMOCRATS ARE THE REPOSITORY FOR ALL OF
ARE THE REPOSITORY FOR ALL OF THESE THING.
THESE THING. NETANYAHU, IT’S MOSTLY ABOUT
NETANYAHU, IT’S MOSTLY ABOUT HIM.
HIM. >> RICHARD HAAS, IT IS
>> RICHARD HAAS, IT IS INTERESTING WHAT’S HAPPENING IN
INTERESTING WHAT’S HAPPENING IN ISRAEL RIGHT NOW.
ISRAEL RIGHT NOW. NETANYAHU IS EMBRACING DONALD
NETANYAHU IS EMBRACING DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. DONALD TRUMP DID TALK ABOUT
DONALD TRUMP DID TALK ABOUT MOVING THE EMBASSY TO JERUSALEM
MOVING THE EMBASSY TO JERUSALEM AND MOVED IN THAT DIRECTION
AND MOVED IN THAT DIRECTION AFTER PRESIDENTS OF BOTH PARTIES
AFTER PRESIDENTS OF BOTH PARTIES HAVE BEEN PROMISING TO DO SO FOR
HAVE BEEN PROMISING TO DO SO FOR YEARS.
YEARS. AND YET OF COURSE THE SENTIMENT
AND YET OF COURSE THE SENTIMENT NOT ONLY TOWARDS TRUMP BUT
NOT ONLY TOWARDS TRUMP BUT NETANYAHU AND THE AMERICAN
NETANYAHU AND THE AMERICAN JEWISH COMMUNITY IS MORE THAN
JEWISH COMMUNITY IS MORE THAN SPLIT.
SPLIT. >> YOU’RE RIGHT.
>> YOU’RE RIGHT. THE AMERICAN JEWISH COMMUNITY IS
THE AMERICAN JEWISH COMMUNITY IS SPLIT.
SPLIT. THERE’S A PERCENTAGE I THINK
THERE’S A PERCENTAGE I THINK PROBABLY A MINORITY THAT IS
PROBABLY A MINORITY THAT IS STRONGLY BACKING BEBE NETANYAHU
STRONGLY BACKING BEBE NETANYAHU AND WILL LARGELY VOTE HERE ON
AND WILL LARGELY VOTE HERE ON THE POLICY TOWARDS ISRAEL AND A
THE POLICY TOWARDS ISRAEL AND A LARGE PERCENT THAT WILL BASE ON
LARGE PERCENT THAT WILL BASE ON THE WHOLE RANGE OF POLITICAL
THE WHOLE RANGE OF POLITICAL ISSUES.
ISSUES. BUT THERE IS A LOT OF SUPPORT.
BUT THERE IS A LOT OF SUPPORT. IT’S INTERESTING WHAT BEBE
IT’S INTERESTING WHAT BEBE NETANYAHU IS DOING, JOE.
NETANYAHU IS DOING, JOE. IT’S NOT JUST THE MOVING OF THE
IT’S NOT JUST THE MOVING OF THE EMBASSY TO JUM, IT’S ALSOERUSALE
EMBASSY TO JUM, IT’S ALSOERUSALE BECAUSE OF THE SO-CALLED PEACE
BECAUSE OF THE SO-CALLED PEACE PROCESS, THE IDEA OF WALKING
PROCESS, THE IDEA OF WALKING WITH THE SAUDIS AND OTHERS.
WITH THE SAUDIS AND OTHERS. THERE’S A REAL PARALLELING
THERE’S A REAL PARALLELING BETWEEN BEBE NETANYAHU’S
BETWEEN BEBE NETANYAHU’S POSITION ON BIG ISSUES AND THE
POSITION ON BIG ISSUES AND THE TRUMP WHITE HOUSE.
TRUMP WHITE HOUSE. >> ADRIENNE, THE DEMOCRATS, HOW
>> ADRIENNE, THE DEMOCRATS, HOW ARE THEY GOING TO RESPOND NOT ON
ARE THEY GOING TO RESPOND NOT ON TO TRUMP THIS PAST WEEK BUT ALSO
TO TRUMP THIS PAST WEEK BUT ALSO TO CONTINUED PROBLEMS FROM
TO CONTINUED PROBLEMS FROM FRESHMEN MEMBERS OF THEIR OWN
FRESHMEN MEMBERS OF THEIR OWN CLASS?
CLASS? BY THE WAY, THIS IS NOT NEW.
BY THE WAY, THIS IS NOT NEW. WE CAUSED SO MUCH PROBLEM, IN
WE CAUSED SO MUCH PROBLEM, IN 1994 WE CAME IN AND ONE OF US
1994 WE CAME IN AND ONE OF US WAS SAYING SOMETHING STUPID
WAS SAYING SOMETHING STUPID EVERY DAY.
EVERY DAY. WHEN WE WEREN’T SAYING SOMETHING
WHEN WE WEREN’T SAYING SOMETHING STUPID, NEWT GINGRICH WAS SAYING
STUPID, NEWT GINGRICH WAS SAYING SOMETHING STUPID.
SOMETHING STUPID. AT LEAST DEMOCRATS HAVE NANCY
AT LEAST DEMOCRATS HAVE NANCY PELOSI.
PELOSI. BUT, YOU KNOW, JUST THIS WEEKEND
BUT, YOU KNOW, JUST THIS WEEKEND AOC CALLS FDR RACIST, CALLS THE
AOC CALLS FDR RACIST, CALLS THE NEW DEAL RACIST.
NEW DEAL RACIST. YOU HAVE A DIFFERENT
YOU HAVE A DIFFERENT ANTI-SEMITIC REMARK COMING EVERY
ANTI-SEMITIC REMARK COMING EVERY WEEK.
WEEK. NANCY PELOSI AND THE DEMOCRATIC
NANCY PELOSI AND THE DEMOCRATIC LEADERSHIP, MAN, THEY ARE
LEADERSHIP, MAN, THEY ARE SHOULDER TO SHOULDER, STRONG,
SHOULDER TO SHOULDER, STRONG, SPEAKING OUT AGAINST THAT
SPEAKING OUT AGAINST THAT ANTI-SEMITISM.
ANTI-SEMITISM. I’M JUST CURIOUS, THOUGH, WHAT’S
I’M JUST CURIOUS, THOUGH, WHAT’S THEIR NEXT PLAY?
THEIR NEXT PLAY? WHAT’S THEIR NEXT ACT MOVING
WHAT’S THEIR NEXT ACT MOVING FORWARD IF THIS CONTINUES?
FORWARD IF THIS CONTINUES? >> PART OF THE PROBLEM, JOE,
>> PART OF THE PROBLEM, JOE, WHEN YOU HAVE MORE DEMOCRATS IN
WHEN YOU HAVE MORE DEMOCRATS IN CONGRESS, THERE ARE MORE PEOPLE
CONGRESS, THERE ARE MORE PEOPLE IN THE PARTY WHO ARE GOING TO
IN THE PARTY WHO ARE GOING TO SAY THINGS THAT MAY NOT BE
SAY THINGS THAT MAY NOT BE POLITICALLY CORRECT.
POLITICALLY CORRECT. WE HAVE A VERY DIVERSE CAUCUS.
WE HAVE A VERY DIVERSE CAUCUS. I’M NOT GOING TO STAND HERE AND
I’M NOT GOING TO STAND HERE AND DEFEND SOME OF THE COMMENTS BY
DEFEND SOME OF THE COMMENTS BY AOC AND SOME OF THE OTHER
AOC AND SOME OF THE OTHER MEMBERS, BUT AT THE SAME TIME,
MEMBERS, BUT AT THE SAME TIME, THESE ARE WOMEN WHO HAVE THEIR
THESE ARE WOMEN WHO HAVE THEIR OWN OPINIONS AND THEY HAVE GROWN
OWN OPINIONS AND THEY HAVE GROWN UP IN AN AGE IN POLITICS WHERE
UP IN AN AGE IN POLITICS WHERE THEY -- AND THEY WERE LARGELY
THEY -- AND THEY WERE LARGELY ELECTED, BY THE WAY, TO SPEAK
ELECTED, BY THE WAY, TO SPEAK THEIR MIND.
THEIR MIND. I’M CERTAINLY NOT DEFENDING THAT
I’M CERTAINLY NOT DEFENDING THAT BUT THEY HAVE EARNED THE RIGHT
BUT THEY HAVE EARNED THE RIGHT TO GO OUT THERE AND SAY WHAT
TO GO OUT THERE AND SAY WHAT THEY BELIEVE.
THEY BELIEVE. I THINKS IT’S ALSO IMPORTANT TO
I THINKS IT’S ALSO IMPORTANT TO NOTE, SOME OF THESE MEMBERS ARE
NOTE, SOME OF THESE MEMBERS ARE REPRESENTING COMMUNITIES IN
REPRESENTING COMMUNITIES IN THEIR DISTRICTS THAT HAVE BEEN
THEIR DISTRICTS THAT HAVE BEEN LARGE TARGETS BY DONALD TRUMP.
LARGE TARGETS BY DONALD TRUMP. THEY’RE GOING TO WASHINGTON
THEY’RE GOING TO WASHINGTON SHOWING WE’RE ANGRY, WE’RE HERE
SHOWING WE’RE ANGRY, WE’RE HERE TO REPRESENT CONSTITUENTS WHO
TO REPRESENT CONSTITUENTS WHO HAVE BEEN LARGELY PERSECUTED
HAVE BEEN LARGELY PERSECUTED SINCE HE’S BEEN IN OFFICE AND
SINCE HE’S BEEN IN OFFICE AND RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT.
RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT. I HAVE A LITTLE BIT OF A
I HAVE A LITTLE BIT OF A SYMPATHY FOR THESE MEMBERS
SYMPATHY FOR THESE MEMBERS COMING IN WITH A LITTLE BIT MORE
COMING IN WITH A LITTLE BIT MORE OF A HARD EDGE.
OF A HARD EDGE. BUT THIS IS WHY WE HAVE LEADER
BUT THIS IS WHY WE HAVE LEADER PELOSI.
PELOSI. SHE CAN WHIP THAT CAUCUS INTO
SHE CAN WHIP THAT CAUCUS INTO SHAPE LIKE NOBODY ELSE.
SHAPE LIKE NOBODY ELSE. I CANNOT IMAGINE ANYBODY ELSE
I CANNOT IMAGINE ANYBODY ELSE BEING THE SPEAKER RIGHT NOW TO
BEING THE SPEAKER RIGHT NOW TO UNIFY PEOPLE UNDER THESE ISSUES.
UNIFY PEOPLE UNDER THESE ISSUES. >> A HARD EDGE IS CERTAINLY WE
>> A HARD EDGE IS CERTAINLY WE UNDERSTAND.
UNDERSTAND. OBVIOUSLY, THOUGH, YOU HAVE
OBVIOUSLY, THOUGH, YOU HAVE LEADERS -- YOU HAVE MEMBERS THAT
LEADERS -- YOU HAVE MEMBERS THAT ARE MAKING NANCY PELOSI’S JOB
ARE MAKING NANCY PELOSI’S JOB AND ANY DEMOCRAT WHO WOULD WANT
AND ANY DEMOCRAT WHO WOULD WANT TO DEFEAT DONALD TRUMP, MAKING
TO DEFEAT DONALD TRUMP, MAKING THEIR JOB FAR MORE DIFFICULT
THEIR JOB FAR MORE DIFFICULT WITH EVERY RECKLESS STATEMENT
WITH EVERY RECKLESS STATEMENT THAT THEY MAKE.
THAT THEY MAKE. AND I WILL TELL YOU, ANOTHER
AND I WILL TELL YOU, ANOTHER PHENOMENON THAT MIRRORS 1994,
PHENOMENON THAT MIRRORS 1994, YOU KNOW, WE.
YOU KNOW, WE. FRESHMAN CLASS COULD SAY
FRESHMAN CLASS COULD SAY SOMETHING EXTRAORDINARILY
SOMETHING EXTRAORDINARILY STUPID.
STUPID. DESPITE THE FACT WE WERE BACK
DESPITE THE FACT WE WERE BACK BENCHERS, THAT’S WHAT THE
BENCHERS, THAT’S WHAT THE PRESIDENT WOULD SEIZE ON AND
PRESIDENT WOULD SEIZE ON AND THEY WOULD MAKE US OR WHOEVERS
THEY WOULD MAKE US OR WHOEVERS THE RADICAL WAS THE FACE OF THE
THE RADICAL WAS THE FACE OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
REPUBLICAN PARTY. YOU NOW HAVE THE PRESS DOING
YOU NOW HAVE THE PRESS DOING THAT.
THAT. AOC, I THINK SHE WON HER
AOC, I THINK SHE WON HER PRIMARY, WHICH WAS BASICALLY HER
PRIMARY, WHICH WAS BASICALLY HER ELECTION.
ELECTION. SHE GOT 15,000 VOTES.
SHE GOT 15,000 VOTES. SHE WON BY 3,500 VOTES.
SHE WON BY 3,500 VOTES. SHE GOT 15,000 VOTES.
SHE GOT 15,000 VOTES. HILLARY CLINTON GOT WHAT, 63,
HILLARY CLINTON GOT WHAT, 63, 64, 65 MILLION VOTES?
64, 65 MILLION VOTES? I THINK THE PRESS NEEDS TO KEEP
I THINK THE PRESS NEEDS TO KEEP EVERYTHING IN PERSPECTIVE.
EVERYTHING IN PERSPECTIVE. >> I AGREE WITH THAT.
>> I AGREE WITH THAT. >> I KNOW THEY LIKE TO CHASE THE
>> I KNOW THEY LIKE TO CHASE THE LATEST FAD, BUT THEY’VE DONE IT
LATEST FAD, BUT THEY’VE DONE IT WITH THE REPUBLICANS FOR YEARS,
WITH THE REPUBLICANS FOR YEARS, FOCUSING ON STUPID COMMENTS BY
FOCUSING ON STUPID COMMENTS BY BACK BENCHERS.
BACK BENCHERS. I THINK THEY PROBABLY NEED TO
I THINK THEY PROBABLY NEED TO KEEP THIS IN BETTER PERSPECTIVE.
KEEP THIS IN BETTER PERSPECTIVE. >> THEY REPRESENT THEIR
>> THEY REPRESENT THEIR DISTRICTS, THEIR COMMUNITIES,
DISTRICTS, THEIR COMMUNITIES, BUT THEY ALSO NOW HAVE TO WORK
BUT THEY ALSO NOW HAVE TO WORK ON A NATIONAL LEVEL, WORKING
ON A NATIONAL LEVEL, WORKING WITH OTHER MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.